---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - The Cathedral and the Bazaar + Spicetify Work
---

## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

My opinion of the quotes and my favorite quote hasn't been affected by the discussion and opinions voiced by other. I think most of my opinions aligns with that of my peers who had similar experiences developing software as me. It wasn't surprising to see "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)," as being the most favorited quote. It was brought up how most developing software isn't about writing the code but going back to rewrite it. It is very unlikely and suspicious to get a working code on the first try, hence the importance of rewriting. Furthermore, modularity was also important and brought up as something being important to developing software. One thing that I think could result in more debate was about listening to end-users or customers in an open source project. On the one hand, the customer knows best as the end user but I can also see how it is also up to the benevolent dictator for life to shape their product. Overall, all of the quotes capture an aspect of what it takes to be a good software engineer as well as a contributor to an open source project.

<!--more-->

## Spicetify Progress

For our group progress, we should be able to complete our application sometime this week. We have a very good idea of what each of us are doing and how it should come out looking. There shouldn't be any big challenges in completing the application once the integration is completed between the frontend and backend. We have also started working on the presentation for next Monday. We brainstormed the outline of our slideshow and created a very basic version already. Once we complete the application, we will continue to populate the slideshow. As for individual works, I am trying to add the theme to the application with the use of a button. I was able to figure out how to inject the color scheme and user css files into the application. However, one small challenge I would have to face is figuring out how to inject the JavaScript. I was able to figure out how the marketplace updates the color scheme and user css but wasn't able to find anything for external JavaScript. As a result, I will have to do some of my own research. One other thing I am concerned about is unexpected behaviors with changing the theme depending on whether the user used the marketplace or changed their theme manually. This will most likely be maintenance work once our pull request is merged. I am hoping to complete my button sometime soon so a pull request is made as soon as possible given the limited time.
