---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - Finishing up Spicetify + Presentations
---

In watching the presentations throughout this week, I was surprised to see how each group had different experiences in working with their open source project. Some groups had ui/ux contributions while other groups struggled with their technology stack or getting more communication. A common thing I have seen is that every group has learned to be more patience and not to take constructive criticism to heart. However, all the challenges faced by each group did make a good story to tell and was fun hearing about it in the presentation. While there were problems, they were definitely learning opportunities like when the project community says that a feature isn't needed after having already built it. Although most group probably won't be continuing to contribute to their open source project, I am fairly certain that they will be contributing to other projects now that we have experience.

<!--more-->

For my Spicetify progress, my group and I have been wrapping up the last few pull request for the semester. Julissa and I have made several new colors schemes for the theme. A pull request was made recently to add these changes to the Marketplace. Based on past experiences the Spicetify Theme repository does take a few days for a maintainer to merge it so I will be on the lookout in the event some changes will be needed. Lastly, I will definitely be continuing to work on Spicetify in the future. I definitely will be using our theme and will be working to maintain it moving forward. One final thing I do have to work on is a bug that appeared in the marketplace. I have reported this bug on the GitHub issues tab. A solution was proposed that worked for two other community members but not for me and one other member. The issue was closed without a solution other than to reinstall but I am thinking of just tackling it on my own if I have some time in the future since this is still an issue for me.
