---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Social Good and Small Contributions
---

In watching Food Computer and Farming for the Future, I was surprised by how young the contributors were as well as the infrastructure they had to share information/knowledge. In taking this course, I realized just how wide spread open source software is so I wasn't too surprised by anything in the video. However, the application of open source software was somewhat new to me. My experience with open source software mostly dealt with applications or technology and less so about things directly in the real world. As a computer scientist, I think I can definitely code open source software to address issues mentioned in all of the videos. While, it doesn't have to deal with computer science directly, programming still played a big role in all of those project.

<!--more-->

For this week's small contribution, I contributed to Wikipedia. I was struggling to find something I can meaningfully contribute to. However, I realized that an anime I was watching, Ninja Kamui, is releasing their third episode on 2/25/2024. I was able to contribute new data for its Wikipedia page by finding out the director, screenwriter, and more on the latest episode. The biggest challenge was finding what I could contribute which was solved by how recently the information emerged. I was able to get the information directly from the end credits of the episode as well. Overall, this was my first contribution to Wikipedia and I think I can continue to contribute now that I completed my first.
