---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Potential Open Source Software
---

In looking for different projects that I could contribute to, I found it to be quite a challenge. There are several factors that I am considering when looking for a project which are whether or not I can contribute to it, if I find it interesting, and if there is an active community with issues I can tackle. There are projects that I find to be interesting but would also find it to be difficult to contribute within the limited timeframe. There were many projects that I was considering contributing to that were using TypeScript. I am unsure whether TypeScript can be learned quickly if I already have experience with JavaScript and typed languages. The extra challenge of learning TypeScript would be something I have to keep in mind. I am still very uncertain as to what project I would contribute to but the discussion of Spicetify during class was interesting and will be considering that as well.

<!--more-->

The biggest challenge in contributing to an open source software will most likely be the communication for me. I am unsure about how I should be claiming and contributing to issues. Furthermore, there is also a challenge of whether or not I can actually solve the issue. However, I do find this challenge to be exciting. I want to be more accustomed to the open source world and this would be my first step. To overcome these uncertainties, I will most definitely be looking into past issues and discussions to be used as a precedence.
