---
layout: post
title: Week 8 - Starting to work on Spicetify
---

For the first week of group open source work, my goal was to start to familiarize myself with Spicetify. Being first contributors, my group decided that the best course of action right now was non-code based contributions. There are several repositories that Spicetify manages which are the cli, marketplace, and themes. We looked through all repositories and they seem to have independent GitHub based documentations but unify their documentation website. Some contributing.md were incomplete and outdated with broken links which Alex was able to promptly fix. None of the repositories seem to have a code of conduct which was surprising to me. This usually isn't a good sign of a good open source project but it is also an opportunity to contribute one. Discord was the main source of communication which I joined to get an idea of what the community was like. Everyone seems friendly with even a discord bot to handle GitHub update notifications.

<!--more-->

The task I took on was to create a contributing.md for the cli repository. I wasn't quite sure how to format a contributing.md so I mostly used the contributing.md from other repositories as reference. However, the two repositories I looked at didn't have the same structure. Therefore, I based it on things a user would need to do before, during, and after making a contribution. Setting up the dev environment was something I had to familiarize myself with and incorporate into my contributing.md. Overall, there are many things I am not quite sure about so I am certain that there will be feedback.
